[stomping]
[whoosh]
[intro song playing]
♪ When you're hungry, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's sunny today, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ When it rains, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ The rainbow is so pretty, Gau, Gau ♪♪
♪ You and I go Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's a peaceful world, Gau, Gau! ♪
MUTCHAN
-[crowd screaming]
-Oh, no!
Clean up after yourselves
after you barbecue! [roars]
[growls]
I did it again... [sighs]
Arf, arf! Arf, arf, arf!
Arf, arf! Arf, arf, arf! Arf, arf!
Two, two, arf, arf, two, two, three,
four, yahoo! Ruff, ruff! [laughs]
Mutchan.
Oh, Naoko.
What are you doing?
I'm running.
Why?
Hm?
Mmmm...
Because I want to run!
[sighs]
Arf, arf! Arf, arf! [howls] Arf, arf!
[Naoko] Mutchan is so...
And that's what happened, babu.
[laughing]
...happy all the time.
Hey Mutchan, do you have any worries?
What is it, all of a sudden, babu?
Mutchan is always
so energetic and smiling.
You look like you have no worries at all.
That's not true.
I have my troubles, too.
Like what?
Let's see...
Mmmm...
What kind of worries?
If you don't have any, that's okay.
Oh, I have one!
What is it?
I recently cut my bangs too short,
so I've been hoping it grows back fast.
I see.
Compared to Naoko Wantanabe's trouble
of turning into Gauko and wreaking havoc,
-that is a cute problem.
-[Naoko gasps]
By the way, that's where Gauko went crazy.
Grass and trees don't grow back
in areas that she's burned.
[Naoko] Please don't say anymore!
I'm going to cry!
Arf, arf, arf! [howls]
So what are your troubles, Babu Lisa?
Stocks crashing.
How old are you?
[squeaks]
[sighs]
I wish I could be like Mutchan.
The best way to be like someone you admire
is to imitate them.
I read it in a business book.
Babies grow up imitating
the adults around them,
so it's probably not all that wrong, babu.
Seriously, how old are you?
Imitate Mutchan, huh?
Guess I can start from looks.
Today's weather is partly cloudy
with new dogs being born.
-[both laughs]
-Right?
[Naoko] Good morning.
-Good--
-[Erika] Naoko?
-[Kana] Why are you dressed like that?
I wanted to be like Mutchan
who's always enthusiastic and smiling,
so I thought I'd try copying her.
That's why I made this outfit.
-What do you think?
-[both] Uh...
Oh! Naoko!
I decided to copy you.
Is that okay with you?
-It looks good on you!
-Really?
Yes!
[giggles] We're twins.
Yes! [giggles]
We're twins.
-Arf, arf, arf!
Naoko does unusual stuff sometimes.
Yeah.
-Arf, arf! Arf, arf, arf!
Mutchan, you're always so upbeat.
You're like the sun.
-[giggles]
-Arf, arf, arf! Arf, arf!
Ms. Mutchan.
These are the books
we used in class today.
Can you help me carry this to the library?
What?
Sure.
S-- Sure.
[sighs] Heavy...
My muscles are going to be sore tomorrow.
Are you alright?
-I'm fine.
When we're done,
can you help me write the report
for the community cleaning project?
-Sure!
Hey, Mutchan!
Hi, Tomomin and Yuririn.
Let's take a selfie!
Yeah, let's!
-Yay!
This is so funny.
-[laughing]
-[Naoko grunting]
[all laughing]
-Arf, arf, arf! Arf, arf!
-Arf, arf, arf! Arf, arf! [howls]
I'm exhausted.
Tomorrow's weather is sunny
with a chance of rain.
When a rainbow appears,
you will blurt out what you see.
[birds chirping]
Arf, arf! Arf, arf, arf!
-Mutchan is so amazing...
-[yelps]
[gasps]
[whines]
Mutchan!
Are you okay?
Uh, yeah. I'm fine.
Phew! I'm so glad it hit Mutchan.
If it hit Naoko, she would've turned into
Gauko and stepped on me.
-Huh?
-Ms. Mutchan,
will you help me raise funds
for world peace?
-No, she won't!
-What?
[roaring]
You hit her with a ball. Apologize first!
[roars]
[KinPika screams] I'm sorry!
Don't take advantage of Mutchan's kindness
and ask her to help you with everything!
[roars]
I'm sorry!
[growling]
[gasps]
[Mutchan] Rain.
[roars, deflates]
[sighs]
I did it again.
Naoko.
I stepped on the beautiful flowers
and crushed them. I hate this.
Thank you for getting angry for me.
What?
I'm not good at getting angry,
so I'm jealous of Gauko. [giggles]
Mutchan, why are you always
wearing a dog costume?
I didn't know until I tried it on,
but this is hard to move in and it's hot.
When I wear this, I guess I can be myself.
When I don't have it on, I get insecure
if I meet people or have to do something.
I see.
[Naoko] Maybe Mutchan has things
that are hard for her too.
like me becoming Gauko.
Maybe Mutchan becomes Mutchan
by wearing that costume.
Look! A rainbow!
[Naoko] Oh, yeah! It's a rainbow!
Ah! It's so pretty, isn't it?
Yeah, it is.
[Naoko] Good morning!
-Good morning!
-Good morning! Oh?
Naoko, what happened to your costume?
You're not imitating Mutchan anymore?
Yeah, I'm done with that.
There may be a lot of stuff
that brings me down...
but new buds of hope
are sprouting everywhere
and they might someday
bloom into beautiful flowers--
[Mutchan howling and barking]
Mutchan...
♪ Gau, Gau ♪
♪ I am Gauko ♪
♪ Here to protect the peace on Earth ♪
♪ Gau, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ Take my fire of justice ♪